---
layout: post
title: Reflection Blog Post
---

## Q. Overall, what did you achieve in your project? 
I achieved a working but simple application that is able to quickly deliver recipes to a user based on their preferences of taste, festival, ingredient availability, or even mood. 

## Q. What are two aspects of your project that you are especially proud of? 
1. I'm very proud of the scraper of our project. The original interface of the website was simple as all recipes were nested in one cuisine page. But when the website was completely overhauled by the company, it was very challenging to build the multi link-hopping functionality which was made even worse with the non-uniform format of pages in the website. There were a lot of errors, a lot of frsutrating moments, but the true learning happened then and I learned a lot about Scrapy. 
2. I am also proud of the interface of the app and how easy it is use to access what you want.

## Q. What are two things you would suggest doing to further improve your project? (You are not responsible for doing those things.) 
1. The UI and the look of the app can definitely be improved. Some students made proper web apps on heroku for their projects which looked very sleek. An aesthetic interface like that would considerably improve the project.
2. A nutrion predictor would make the app more useful to the user. I did work on this problem and achieved some results but I was not able to find comprehensive datasets on ingredients and nutrition which were available for free. 

## Q. How does what you achieved compare to what you set out to do in your proposal? (if you didn't complete everything in your proposal, that's fine!)
I think we completed /achieved everything that we mentioned in our project proposal.

## Q. What are three things you learned from the experience of completing your project? Data analysis techniques? Python packages? Git + GitHub? Etc? 
1. Scrapy, BeautifulSoup, HTML, CSS
2. Teamwork in a CS-oriented project setting (Github primarily)
3. Using Visual Studio Code for writing my code and also using Terminal (I was uncomfortable with both before this class)
4. Dealing with uncertainty, looking for answers on the web, watching Youtube videos and learning things fast and on the fly. 

## Q. How will your experience completing this project will help you in your future studies or career? Please be as specific as possible. 
The experience of this project directly translates into improving my ability and confidence to bring into material existence an idea.
At the same time, it's given me exposure to create something 'non-Jupyter notebook' which adds versitality to my coding/development skillset. 

